Bring-your-own logger (#640)
godaddy/gasket: packages/gasket-plugin-winston/README.md

# @gasket/plugin-winston

> Adds a [winston] logger instance to your Gasket instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up a [winston] logger instance for the Gasket logger.
```

> any additional levels that you provide.

> **Note:** While `format` is configurable, it is recommended that you call
> `format.combine` with your custom formats and the result of
> `Log.getDefaultFormat(local,prefix)` to maintain the consistent functionality

**Not Configurable in `gasket`**

| Name          | Fixed Value                    | Description                                     |
|:--------------|:-------------------------------|:------------------------------------------------|
| `exitOnError` | `true`                         | Ensures uncaught errors trigger `process.exit`  |

#### Example adding custom Winston transports

`Console` transports are set by default. Loggers provided by `winston` are
highly customizable using [Transports].

**`gasket.config.js`**

```js
const { transports } = require('winston');

module.exports = {
  winston: {
    level: 'warning',
    transports: [
      // Unified errors.log for all error messages
      // in all environments
      new transports.File({
        filename: 'errors.log',
        level: 'error'
      })
    ]
  }
}
```

## Lifecycles

### logTransports

> To add custom logger transports, you can also hook the `logTransports` lifecycle and return a transport or an array of transports you wish to add to the logger. Here's an example gasket config and a hook that uses that config to add a FluentD traport:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To add custom logger transports, you can also hook the `logTransports` lifecycle and return a transport or an array of transports you wish to add to the logger. Here's an example gasket config and a hook that uses that config to add a FluentD transport:
```

}
```

## Lifecycles

### winstonTransports

To add custom logger transports, you can also hook the `winstonTransports`
lifecycle and return a transport or an array of transports you wish to add to
the logger. Here's an example gasket config and a hook that uses that config to

> add a FluentD traport:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
add a FluentD transport:
```
`transport`?

Reviewer 3: _Oh yeah, you know, the traports_
